Readme.md, before:

# 
This is a NARS+ General Machine Intelligence (GMI) system.

# commands
The system accepts either Narsese or commands as inputs. Commands are used to give the reasoner compute in the form of cycles. Commands also can be used to change parameters of the input/output and/or the reasoner itself. Commands also allow to invoke special functionality of the NARS+ implementation, for example for the NLP module.<br />
See in source file [NarInputFacade.rs](https://github.com/PtrMan/20NAR1/blob/master/src/NarInputFacade.rs#L34) for a list of all implemented commands.
## modules
This implementation provides a NLP/NLU "module" which is exposed with the `!nlp` command. See NAL experiments which are related to NLP on how to use it. The reasoning for the module is done with a NAR.

# how to run
Running the program is easy. Note that `cargo test` can be omitted if the unittests should be skipped.
## how to run in interactive mode
`cargo test && cargo run --release it`
## how to run in server mode
`cargo test && cargo run --release srv`<br />
connect to server with for example netcat: `nc 127.0.0.1 2039`<br />
## how to run pong
`cargo test && cargo run --release envPong3`
## how to eval Q&A performance for one file
`cargo test && cargo run --release bQA nalExp/ExTimAnimalProd0.nal`
## build documentation
`cargo doc --lib`

# dependencies
## basic
* rust (minimum 1.36, latest stable recommended)
## when using python binding
* python 3.X, recommended 3.5 and up
## robotics
Robot examples need pybullet, install with `pip install pybullet`

# what is implemented
## temporal
* unification of =/> by subj
* goals
* decision making
## non-temporal
* Q&A
# what is missing?
* unification of =/> by pred
* Q&A for temporal, ex: <(a,^x) =/> b>?
* use of non-temporal knowledge for temporal inference
* quests

Commit message:

update: README.md: now this project is "only" inspired by NARS

Readme.md, after:

# 
This is a NARS inspired General Machine Intelligence (GMI) system. The current implementation only implements a NAR(non-axiomatic reasoner) for NAL1-7 and NAL8-9.

# commands
The system accepts either Narsese or commands as inputs. Commands are used to give the reasoner compute in the form of cycles. Commands also can be used to change parameters of the input/output and/or the reasoner itself. Commands also allow to invoke special functionality of the NARS+ implementation, for example for the NLP module.<br />
See in source file [NarInputFacade.rs](https://github.com/PtrMan/20NAR1/blob/master/src/NarInputFacade.rs#L34) for a list of all implemented commands.
## modules
This implementation provides a NLP/NLU "module" which is exposed with the `!nlp` command. See NAL experiments which are related to NLP on how to use it. The reasoning for the module is done with a NAR.

# how to run
Running the program is easy. Note that `cargo test` can be omitted if the unittests should be skipped.
## how to run in interactive mode
`cargo test && cargo run --release it`
## how to run in server mode
`cargo test && cargo run --release srv`<br />
connect to server with for example netcat: `nc 127.0.0.1 2039`<br />
## how to run pong
`cargo test && cargo run --release envPong3`
## how to eval Q&A performance for one file
`cargo test && cargo run --release bQA nalExp/ExTimAnimalProd0.nal`
## build documentation
`cargo doc --lib`

# dependencies
## basic
* rust (minimum 1.36, latest stable recommended)
## when using python binding
* python 3.X, recommended 3.5 and up
## robotics
Robot examples need pybullet, install with `pip install pybullet`

# what is implemented
## temporal
* unification of =/> by subj
* goals
* decision making
## non-temporal
* Q&A
# what is missing?
* unification of =/> by pred
* Q&A for temporal, ex: <(a,^x) =/> b>?
* use of non-temporal knowledge for temporal inference
* quests
